hello today is a very special day we've
been given unprecedented privileged
access to HP labs here in Bristol in the
West of England and we're going behind
the scenes to see how this advanced
research group here at hewlett-packard
are pushing the frontiers of fundamental
sites to tackle the complex
technological problems that customers
will face over the next 10 years in
particular we're going to prise open
some of the exciting innovations in data
storage
you can almost smell the innovation in
here the storage experts here at HP Labs
and HP storageworks Rd are applying
their vision intelligence and creativity
to identify opportunities that are vital
in defining the future of information
technology and the word on everyone's
lips here is convergence
almost every growing business is
suffering from IT sprawl an explosion of
data on technologies across the business
where storage is fragmented across
different hardware data formats protocol
stacks and storage systems this is
contributed to rigid silence rising
costs application complexity and
problems with scalability a converged
infrastructure is the answer HP's
converged infrastructure simplifies your
servers storage management software and
networks before your eyes eliminating
silos and connecting technologies into
pools of interoperable resources with
everything managed from a common
platform you benefit from much greater
operational flexibility and a leaner IT
organization but to shift millions of
dollars from IT sprawl to innovation you
first have to tame the data storage
challenge and that's where a core
component of HP's converged
infrastructure comes in the remarkable
new HP storeonce data deduplication
technology everyone's in love with data
deduplication it works by matching
blocks of identical data already stored
on the disk so that only one copy will
ever be stored on the disk in its
entirety subsequent accounts is that the
same data block will be replaced by a
pointer back to the original as these
pointers take up very little space the
more backups performed the greater the
space gains if a data loss occurs the
data is simply reconstructed back into
it's original undie duplicated state
it's that simple HP's next-generation
store once data deduplication technology
redefines data deduplication and takes
it to a new level of scalability and
performance by introducing a single
deduplication engine across your
organization HP storeonce helps you
control data growth comply with industry
regulations and keep data available to
the business on demand HP storeonce
breakthrough deduplication technology is
being delivered first on HP storageworks
d2d backup systems as an appliance based
solution and because of the modular
design of store once it will integrate
into data protection software virtual
systems and multi-node enterprise
our storage systems HP storeonce
deduplication takes the HP storageworks
d2d backup systems into an entirely new
realm of disk based data protection for
everything from your data center to your
remote offices d2d backup systems allow
you to consolidate the back up of
multiple servers onto a single rack
mountable device with first-rate
reliability and the addition of HP
storeonce deduplication software not
only results in efficient longer term
data retention on disk it also allows
Network efficient replication of data
off-site for disaster recovery storeonce
integrates seamlessly into your current
IT environment and offers you the
flexibility of both virtual tape library
and those targets but what does all this
mean to you well let's take the example
of a major European air transport
solutions provider they're using the
inspirational DTD system and storeonce
technology that HP labs have developed
to dramatically reduce storage capacity
and save money the organization is using
the solution to provide disk based data
protection for both its centralized data
center and network of remote airport
sites around the world PTD systems
provide local data protection with
deduplication and move data back to the
central location using the network
efficient replication feature management
and monitoring are performed by three
features HP replication manager software
SNMP alerts and HP xylo to technology
that's the idea behind HP storeonce
software store once and you're done
together the d2d backup systems with HP
storeonce squeeze more airport backup
data into significantly less disk space
and the performance is stunning
retaining more backup data on disk for
longer is also helping the air transport
organization restore lost files more
quickly and reduced downtime the talent
here at HP Labs in partnership with
storageworks R&D creating the future and
tackling real customer problems and
there's more storage innovation going on
in here the R&D department
at HP won't let me tell you about that
now so stay tuned for more HP storeonce
technology in the near future